Add manual endpoint navigation example to MDX setup guide (#1921)
mintlify/docs: api-playground/mdx-setup.mdx

    ```
  </Step>
  <Step title="Add your endpoints to your docs">
    Add your endpoint pages to the navigation by updating the `pages` field in your `docs.json`:

    ```json docs.json
    "navigation": {
      "tabs": [
        {
          "tab": "API Reference",
          "groups": [
            {
              "group": "Users",
              "pages": [
                "api-reference/users/create-user",
                "api-reference/users/get-user",
                "api-reference/users/update-user"
              ]
            },
            {
              "group": "Orders",
              "pages": [
                "api-reference/orders/create-order",
                "api-reference/orders/list-orders"
              ]
            }
          ]
        }
      ]
    }
    ```

>     Each page path corresponds to an MDX file in your docs repo (e.g., `api-reference/users/create-user.mdx`). Learn more about structuring your docs in [Navigation](/organize/navigation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Each page path corresponds to an MDX file in your docs repository. For example, `api-reference/users/create-user.mdx`. Learn more about structuring your docs in [Navigation](/organize/navigation).
```
